So from a business perspective,
the warehouse in a business context is as follows.
Put yourself in this mental mode where you are
in charge of our retailer's data infrastructure.
So let's look at some business activities that happen in that retailer's IT department,
or I mean business in general not even IT department.
So the customers should be able to find goods and make orders.
The inventory staff should be able to stock,
retrieve, and reorder goods.
The delivery staff need to easily be able to pick up and deliver the goods.
Then the HR department should be able to assess the performance of the sales staff and
the marketing department needs to see whether
the different sales channels are performing well or not and how do they compare.
The management should be able to monitor the sales growth.
So with your SQL knowledge and database design knowledge,
ask yourself, can I build a database to support these activities?
Well, I believe if you had a decent course in database design,
the answer should be yes.
Another question would be,
are all of the above questions of the same nature?
Well, yeah some of them look maybe you already guessed,
but let's look closer to to be able to give a more educated answer.
But before doing that,
you get a little bit more of details about the business.
The retailer for example,
has a nation-wide presence.
So for example, you know how to handle the scale of the database?
Like nation-wide database?
Well, perhaps you're going to do a central one,
perhaps you're going to do many databases for
different stores and headquarters and so forth.
Then you would learn that the retailer acquired other smaller retailers.
Some of them are brick and mortar and some of them are like an online store.
So you will see that things are a little bit complex.
Not that I mean,
it's not about base design any longer that we have many systems now to integrate.
Then you would learn that the business
also has like a call center and social media accounts,
and you wants to actually put that in the database when reporting about like how people
feel about the different products or service and so on.
Then you will see that you can have like sales staff expect to see a performance results
and the customer and inventory staff
expect to see a system that is fast and stable while operating.
I mean, whenever someone looks up a customer or tries to
deliver a good or look up an SQL in the store,
in the inventory, it should be quick.
Similarly, the HR and marketing department also want
to have a lot of information but haven't decided yet on everything they need.
So the requirements are not very clear.
We know that they're going to evolve.
So perhaps maybe a single relational database won't suffice.